update generic link text guidance (#272)
primer/design: content/accessibility/links.mdx

## How to test links
- Check a link's function. If clicking a link activates a feature on the page, it should be a `<button>`, and vice versa. 

> - Check a link's purpose. If you can't get an idea of where a link will take you based on the link text alone, the link text should be updated. Learn more at [Link text](#link-text).

Reviewer: Related to my suggestion to change the title below.

```suggestion
- Check a link's purpose. If you can't get an idea of where a link will take you based on the link text alone, the link text should be updated. Learn more at [Writing link text](#writing-link-text).
```

> - Check a link's purpose. If you can't get an idea of where a link will take you based on the link text alone, the link text should be updated. Learn more about [link text](#link-text).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Check a link's purpose. If you can't get an idea of where a link will take you based on the link text alone, the link text should be updated. [Learn how to write good link text](#writing-link-text).
```

- Only adding an underline to a link when it has focus or is hovered over
- Underlining every link on the page. For example, a navigation list is a list of links but navigational links don't have to be underlined because the intent is understood and an underline is not needed to identify the interactive nature of the control.

> ## Link text

Reviewer: Suggest a slightly more descriptive title here:

```suggestion
## Writing link text
```

### Bad: Accessible name results in poorly-formed sentence 👎 

The content below will be announced as, "Learn more about keyboard shortcuts allow you to access common commands more quickly" by screen readers which is incomprehensible.

```HTML
<a href="..." aria-label="Learn more about keyboard shortcuts">Keyboard shortcuts</a> allow you to access common commands more quickly.
```

### Bad: Accessible name does not include information conveyed in visible text 👎 

The link text below has an accessible name that fails to convey information that is available in visible text.

```HTML
<a href="..." aria-label="Visit profile">@monalisa's profile</a>
```

### Good: Accessible name includes visible link text 👍 

The link below has an accessible name that fully includes the visible link text and is comprehensible.
(This example uses the ARIA technique for demo purposes and is technically valid, but the link text here can just be "Learn more about GitHub pricing plans".)

```HTML
There are various plans available. <a href="..." aria-label="Learn more about GitHub pricing plans">Learn more</button>
```

> As demonstrated in the examples, this technique adds more complexity to the code and can introduce more problems than it solves so only use this technique if absolutely necessary.

Author: ooh I only saw examples that use screenshots. thanks for the link using a code example.

> As demonstrated in the examples, this technique adds more complexity to the code and can introduce more problems than it solves so only use this technique if absolutely necessary.

Author: maybe we should introduce linters against, "bad", "good", and emojis.

When link text is too generic like "Read more", the destination of the link is not conveyed. 

It may be acceptable in some scenarios to provide a more descriptive link text for screen reader users by setting the `aria-label`. However, this technique will result in divergence between the label and the text and is not an ideal, future-proof solution.
Whenever possible, prefer a single descriptive link text that is available for both sighted users and screen reader users.

If you must resort to the ARIA technique to provide a descriptive link text, you must follow these principles:
If you must resort to the ARIA technique to provide a descriptive link text, follow these principles:

1. The visible text is included in full as part of the accessible name to avoid a violation of [SC 2.5.3: Label in Name](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/label-in-name.html).
2. The sentence that the link is a part of is well-formed and grammatical when read with both the visible text and the accessible name.

> ### Bad: Accessible name results in badly formed sentence 👎 

Reviewer 3: Hsndn d đn
[Uploading guide (1).pdf…]()
